# Chrome Web Store: Removal notification for Refined Twitter

Dear Developer,

We recently reviewed your item, "Refined Twitter," with ID:
nlfgmdembofgodcemomfeimamihoknip and found that it did not comply with our
User Data Policy, which is part of the Chrome Web Store’s Developer Program
Policies.

Your item violated the Privacy Policy & Secure Transmission Section of the
policy, which requires that:

If your Product handles personal or sensitive user data (see the FAQ to
find specific examples), then you must:

Provide a link to your privacy policy in appropriate field in the Chrome
Web Store Developer Console and on the inline installation page (if
applicable).If you’d like to re-submit it, please modify the item so that
it complies with the policies, then re-publish it in your developer
dashboard. Please reply to this email for issues regarding this item
removal.

\*Please keep in mind that after you resubmit your item, it will not be
immediately published live in the store. All re-submitted items undergo a
strict compliance review and will be re-published only if the item passes
that review.

\*Important Note
Repeated or egregious violations of the policies may result in your
developer account being banned from the store. This may also result in the
suspension of related Google services associated with your Google account.
All re-submitted items will continue to be subject to the Chrome Web store
program policies and terms of service.

Thank you for your cooperation,
Chrome Web Store Team

---------------------------
Developer Terms of Service:
https://developers.google.com/chrome/web-store/terms

Program Policies:
https://developers.google.com/chrome/web-store/program_policies

Branding Guidelines:
https://developers.google.com/chrome/web-store/branding
